📝 Add Jekyll documentation (#438)
share/sharedb: docs/api/agent.md

---
title: Agent
layout: default
parent: API
---

# Agent
{: .no_toc }

1. TOC
{:toc}

An `Agent` is the representation of a client's [`Connection`]({% link api/connection.md %}) state on the server.

The `Agent` instance will be made available in all [middleware]({% link middleware/index.md %}) contexts, where [`agent.custom`](#custom--object) can be particularly useful for storing custom context.

{: .info }

> If the `Connection` was created through [`backend.connect()`]({% link api/backend.md %}#connect()) (ie the client is running on the server), then the `Agent` associated with a `Connection` can be accessed through [`connection.agent`]({% link api/connection.md %}#agent--agent).

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
If the `Connection` was created through [`backend.connect()`]({% link api/backend.md %}#connect()) (i.e. the client is running on the server), then the `Agent` associated with a `Connection` can be accessed through [`connection.agent`]({% link api/connection.md %}#agent--agent).
```
